Add post for Women in data science event (#726)
usegalaxy-eu/website: _posts/2021-07-01-wids.md

![WiDS](/assets/media/2021-07-01-wids.jpeg)

Agenda | 
--- | ---
**Opening address** |
WiDS network at Bayer AG | **Arwa Al-Dilaimi**, Bayer AG
German network for Bioinformatics Infrastructure (de.NBI) | **Tanja Dammann-Kalinowski**, de.NBI
**Data Science - Perspectives in Industry** |
Where great minds can make a difference: Working for Bayer | **Veronica Lopez Remus**, Bayer AG
Digitally capable: How science, technology and innovation helps you to build a resilient career | **Catherine Sirven**, Bayer AG
My career experience as biostatistician and project manager | **Erica Manesso**, Bayer AG
**Data Science - Perspectives in Academia** |
ELIXIR - Data for Life | **Katharina Lauer**, ELIXIR
How I developed my career in data science: role models, training, mentoring and community [](https://bit.ly/bebatut-women-data-science-2021){:.fa .fa-slideshare} | **Bérénice Batut**, University of Freiburg, de.NBI
Woman power in data curation and data management | **Ulrike Wittig**, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, de.NBI
**Panel discussion** |
{:.table.table-striped}

> Nearly 150 participants worldwide attended this 2h30 event to discuss and exchange on Women in Data science topic, perspective in Industry and Academia! The feedback were overwhelming. A second **"Women in Data Science – Perspectives in Industry and Academia" is planned in Autumn 2021**! Stay tunned!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nearly 150 participants worldwide attended this 2h30m event to discuss and exchange on Women in Data science topic, perspective in Industry and Academia! The feedback was overwhelming. A second **"Women in Data Science – Perspectives in Industry and Academia" is planned in Autumn 2021**! Stay tuned!
```
